feeds the gyrocopter and the barracks fall
lies news from god what cry is here
the hall these people understand how close
and as a championship and to six million
us dollars
wait for the lancer not to go
Forward last chance desing to do in
this game, at least something redeems wyvern
his need to move away actor pierre ult
apparatus shaker hepa filter whether lives
now will aggressive aggression last
hope nets last hope yourself to
dirt tries to kill the pen and punches it
fira there is zafer ganger fer all this
shaker
paypal genes chic and he was also killed by three
player sdek alive and the guy will go book
move away they knocked out pcr it's all baibaki
no one has a fight to aggression what are you
do no one has baibako aggression
must be careful what if he
die on this end the game is not
the tournament is over
and he lived upward what is the site
what is he just unrealistic aggression
question is this type of sucky shiki
no buyback agency you this one him
views 5 as soon as
the Chinese escape and universe
there is a coin behind it
did it
you thought you needed a whale team and
lucky they played
Well
Anything can happen but today it is someone
it seemed that 2 try to meet
supply force
and uniquely world champion
6 million six hundred sixteen thousand
Doll
kills these guys feast on my
dear
just without emotion sheet so he Suman
legend but u don't believe in your happiness
here he is standing behind him say he should
raise aegis he should lift it
jump you sit for joy you first need
shake hands and of course say thanks
sit and cruise the game and for there is an incredible
offensive in this tournament they are likely
and now you need to grab ack from yet
late and now it's all three feast old man
clinton lumis is a man about which stereo
wonderful movie called frithupley
coming up to a huge statue on which
worth adys and here they are quietly calm
from different sides slowly
who will shoot the aegis universe
here it will be taken in hand and
whether they will take it handed clean it
in America it is worth being with them
and drink go can take
this is the goddess team captain
later to how beautiful it looks
at the end dedeman would he now be
completely in candy
we fall asleep I see the case case and goes to
guys here she is I do not hear that she
speaks at all to be honest i think
the guys already don't care what he
already sadi kindergarten began to do and
do you understand the look of a person like fer
who is 10 years playing dota this
incredible i can't hear you saved a woman
some kind for the team which is in
marika where in principle there were no opponents
where the guys don't know
he doesn't have to train for very long
losses believed their work they ended up
Could this incredible fact a mad noise
from cars that produce a
makes candy on with dima just
falls asleep here who came from the team
spent with him which kekule and the rocks
thanks mazep, now i'm a champ
international so i i i went casey was
too easy to see as a universe
hugs then here and gis you sumail what for
it means you to these mean to me
all thanks mind
Maria
we know the story is crazy and we know what
still he lives by 9 members of his
families
and applause to all 16 teams it was
wonderful javier guys it was
phenomenal international as for me it
was the best international definitely for everything
time it was a chic final and
unexpected teams such as
cyprus strong teams judy and
champions it was girobas tournament for
no one could even think of
we will fall for the grand final because
to cut fallen on the eyes
and then we will have something else now
we see what will happen while the game
izan chanting shut up second to
have heard
Suman and I are raising guitarist
applause him guys if you have
ever any opportunity
Come such here and now grandfather mouse
and his
20-minute set, we do not go anywhere
back immediately after set grandfather mouse